docs: write migration guide v4 for angular (#6189)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/Migration-Guides/Abp-4_0-Angular.md

# Angular UI 3.3 to 4.0 Migration Guide

## Angular v11

The new ABP Angular UI is based on Angular v11 and TypeScript v4. The difference between v10 and v11 is non-breaking so you do not have to update right away but it is recommended. Nevertheless, ABP modules will keep working with Angular v10. Therefore, if your project is Angular v10, you do not need to update to Angular 11. The update is usually very easy though.

You can read more about Angular v11 [here](https://blog.angular.io/version-11-of-angular-now-available-74721b7952f7)

## **Breaking Changes**

### **Localization**

> Prior to ABP 4.x, we'd handled what language files should be created to load them lazily. However, this made it impossible to add new language files (to be lazily loaded) for our users. With ABP 4.x, we enabled an option to pass a function to `CoreModule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to ABP 4.x, we'd handled what locale files of Angular should be created to load them lazily. However, this made it impossible to add new locale files (to be lazily loaded) for our users. With ABP 4.x, we enabled an option to pass a function to `CoreModule`.
```

You can find the related issue [here](https://github.com/abpframework/abp/issues/6066)
Also, please refer to [the docs](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/UI/Angular/Localization#registering-a-new-locale) for how to implement this.

### **Removed the Angular Account Module Public UI**

With ABP 4.x, we have retired `@abp/ng.account`, it is no longer a part of our framework.

You can find the related issue [here](https://github.com/abpframework/abp/issues/5652)

Angular UI is using the Authorization Code Flow to authenticate since version 3.1.0 by default. Starting from version 4.0, this is becoming the only option, because it is the recommended way of authenticating SPAs.

If you haven't done it yet, see [this post](https://blog.abp.io/abp/ABP-Framework-v3.1-RC-Has-Been-Released) to change the authentication of your application.

### State Management

> In the ABP Framework, we've been using `NGXS` for state management. However, we've decided that the ABP Framework should be agnostic with regard to state management. Our users should be able to handle the state in any way they prefer. They should be able to use any library other than `NGXS` or no library at all. That's why we have created our internal store in version 3.2. It is a simple utility class that employs `BehaviorSubject` internally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the ABP Angular UI, we've been using `NGXS` for state management. However, we've decided that the Angular UI should be agnostic with regard to state management. Our users should be able to handle the state in any way they prefer. They should be able to use any library other than `NGXS` or no library at all. That's why we have created our internal store in version 3.2. It is a simple utility class that employs `BehaviorSubject` internally. 
```

You can examine it [here](https://github.com/abpframework/abp/blob/dev/npm/ng-packs/packages/core/src/lib/utils/internal-store-utils.ts)

With version 4.0, we will keep utilizing our `InternalStore` instead of `@ngxs/store` in our services and move away from `@ngxs/store`. We plan to remove any dependency of `ngxs` by version 5.0. 

With this in mind, we've already deprecated some services and implemented some breaking changes.

#### Removed the `SessionState`

Use `SessionStateService` instead of the `SessionState`. See [this issue](https://github.com/abpframework/abp/issues/5606) for details.

#### Deprecated the `ConfigState`

`ConfigState` is now deprecated and should not be used.
Moving away from the global store, we create small services with a single responsibility. There are two new services available in version 4.0 which are `EnvironmentService` and `PermissionService`.

See [the related issue](https://github.com/abpframework/abp/issues/6154)

Please refer to the following docs for detail information and examples

> - [`ConfigStateService`](../UI/Angular/Config-State-Service.md)
> - [`EnvironmentService`](../UI/Angular/Environment.md#EnvironmentService)
> - [`PermissionService`](../UI/Angular/Permission-Management.md#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ConfigStateService`](../UI/Angular/Config-State-Service)
- [`EnvironmentService`](../UI/Angular/Environment#EnvironmentService)
- [`PermissionService`](../UI/Angular/Permission-Management#)
```
